gh-93896: allow enabling asyncio.Runner calls to asyncio.set_event_loop independantly to loop_factory (#94058)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-06-21-13-08-46.gh-issue-93896.2BsYCX.rst

> restore the set_event_loop calls to asyncio.run and AsyncTestCase removed in the 3.11 betas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restored missing ``set_event_loop()`` calls in ``asyncio.run()`` and ``AsyncTestCase`` accidentally removed in the 3.11 betas.
```
